I started
friends, the biggest one is ICICI LB,
do not take any policy of them, please do not take it, I am in
such a bad situation,
I expose their level of fraud at a high
level,
they gave me a policy at a high level, okay, I
never fell so sick, one day I had a
little accident and I fell sick,
I was in the hospital,
I was hospitalized for three days, I raised their claim for
reimbursement.  One of his men
came.  A man from ICICI comes and says that he will give you
your documents.  That man's
name is Rahul Modak.  I'll give you his full number
later because he might
go against me.  What did he do?
I am still talking to customer care.  This is at
least my 12th or 13th call.
I probably made 12-13 calls to them in a day, that is, 20 to 25 calls in three days.
Ok?   That
man goes there and says
that I do not want the claim because
he has to sell Reliance policy and
complains to ICICI, then ICICI again
says to ICICI that no problem sir, we will
reactivate your claim by tomorrow, they did
not even reactivate it, on the contrary they
rejected it after two days on 3rd and
say stands valid, that is the man
said valid, now I tell you,
do not take ICI Lamb policy, I swear, do not take it,
I will give you all the policy details, I will give you
my reference ID, I am not lying
and the call recording of that man
is the complete video recording of what all he said to me.  There
is a video recording of the call.  I will also give you that man's number.
I went to the police station
Mahatma Phule Police Station Kalyan.
He did not take my complaint.  I
went to two places, two police stations.  Now I am filing a
complaint again.  So know how to
go to consumer court.  I will probably
go to consumer court as well.  Their
evidence.  I am claiming these people to give
me my money.  Give me my claim
money and return all the money you have given me for
3 years, 73000,
air ambulance, this ambulance, oh what kind of
ambulance, can't these people give a simple claim, don't take
ICICI LBR of 5000, don't take, don't take, I am saying don't take,
I am saying don't take, I am saying don't take, I am saying don't take, I am saying don't take, I am shouting don't take, just
wait, their customer care executive will come and make
me run around, a
priority call will come in two hours, it has been 5 hours in two hours,
no priority call will
come, the phone will remain on, this call video is on.  Keep it going.
This will continue and
I will tell you whatever it is and I will upload it as it is.   Even
if I lose the money, I will not be sad but I will
not leave them till my last breath.
Not even in the consumer court.
These people from ICICI are very fraudulent.
Add WhatsApp number.   Just
now their customer care executive called
me and I am on the call for 16 minutes.  From 17 minutes.
I am calling them every hour.
For an hour or so.  One hour.
I have been talking to them for an hour each time.
Look at any member of your family, everyone,
your care partner.  Look, don't
take their policy to make me a member, don't take their policy,
I will show you the evidence,
in the hospital where I was admitted, where all the
tubes were inserted, from where blood came out all over
my clothes, then I was
put in ICU, at 3:00 I was regaining
consciousness a little, I will tell
you everything, what medicines were given to me,
what all has happened to me,
hey, when people are not paying money to such a critical patient, then
what will they give you money, it's
time to take 2 policies sir, air ambulance,
air ambulance, what's the
problem, they don't have any air ambulance.
I say put it in.  My father was about to
go to the police station and commit suicide
but I will mute the vote.  Otherwise it will be
wrong.  I went to do the wrong thing
with my life.  There was someone named Priyanka Madam,
she tells me that if I want to
activate the policy then she
says give it in writing.  You will have to give it to me in writing.
A man goes and gossips and says to
sell their policy that he will give it to them in writing.  Did
I get it written to cancel the policy, that you
sign that you do
not want the claim.  To reactivate, they say if you want to
activate the claim then write it to you and give it to the
doctor, if not to the doctor then
you write it yourself, meaning time pass, time pass,
time pass, to
anyone in your family, oh my god, don't take
ICICI lb, don't take it, don't take it, download the
take care app, let me show you, let me show you, let me show you,
download the status currency,
look, I am contravening what he is saying,
wait, the
partner
is available.
Look, there is no
track your claim on WhatsApp, no problem, it
is important to show the content to yourself.
What is the actual matter?
This is my policy.  Look,
this is my policy.  You are not giving Rs 500 for a policy worth Rs 30 lakh.
There is a policy of Rs 30 lakh.
Not giving 500.  Look, this is my policy.
75000 was good.  Look at the validity.
Any family member
is registered.  Look at the claim,
look at the partner claim.
I take care.
Look what is written on it.  I will show you.
Rejected Claim Rejected Incomplete
Document Is everything complete?  Look down, look down,
customer wants to withdraw his scale
claim, since the claim request is rejected, I
am a customer, I do not
want the claim, I am saying, I am a
customer, I do not
want the claim, the
claim is the same, let it remain as it is, let it remain natural
video, do not zoom in, zoom out,
yes, what does the customer want to
say, rejected, I am also rejecting it
and the man named Rahul Modak,
no one is doing anything to him, no one is doing anything,
see, their customer care has just arrived.
Thank you.
Listen, what does this customer care say now?
How to rotate?  look Listen.  Yes, tell me sir.   Please
tell me sir.
Yes, yes, I can see it here.  I have read your entire case history here.
Dheeraj Kumar ji, here I am able to
see your case from the beginning.
Here I am giving you every detail in which
you have also told that the surveyor has told you that
Reliance is better than Lumbard.
And then Clean Facility Is Not
Good.  Everything here
Sir, he had told me that he will give me a policy
of Reliance and he had also
told me that I will make you
sleep in a hospital in Bhiwandi, instead of your ₹10,000 you will get
₹00, I said brother I do
not want to do anything wrong and this is the thing when I get the
evidence, it is a face to face thing, he
called me again yesterday also
for the policy, why did I not give him a hint
that I am collecting evidence against you
because I wanted him to
say, I kept on talking, he kept on talking, he kept on talking, he said
such things, he
said rubbish ICICI Lombard,
you people are buying useless things.  His name is Rahul Modak.
His name is Rahul Modak.
I have given you my mobile number.  Right now I
am recording the video also, that is why I am
not putting his number.  Otherwise I will
put his number also.  When I went to the police station,
they told me to go to the consumer court.
We all will support you.
Go to the consumer court.  So you guys
give me my money now.  So now you
give me the money and give me Rs 72,000 and
claim it.  Give it to me quietly.
Pay the full amount and end the matter here.  Just Enough.   Yes, absolutely.
I completely agree with you.
Dheeraj Kumar ji, if I were in your place,
I would have done exactly what you are doing.
I wouldn't have done anything one percent different.
Rest here I would like to make only one
request to you, here I am checking
how best our team can help you on this matter.  Can it
give the best outcome?  I can put your call
on hold here for just one more minute.
Yes, let me tell you what your team
can do or could have done?  Should I tell
you?  Should I tell you at once?  Let me tell you, your team could have simply
reactivated the claim
in 2 minutes.  You just didn't have to do anything.
You didn't have to do anything.  It only took 2 minutes to
reactivate and you should have quietly
settled the claim.  You shouldn't have done anything.
But your team has
done everything except that, sir.  Go and get this letter
from the doctor.  Write a letter yourself stating that
you want a claim.  Hey, did
anyone ask at the time of rejection?  Someone made me
write that you should write that you do not
want any claim.  Someone told me.   Should
I write a letter to activate it now?
Give the full 72,000.  73,000 and give
me my entire claim back.  Make the full
claim and end the story.  I am
not posting this video anywhere.  I have all
your evidence with me, I am not putting it anywhere nor am
I going to the consumer court.
Give me all my money.  Whatever amount is ₹1.5 lakh, give ₹
1.25 lakh and finish it.
I would go anywhere Star Health.  I will take
insurance from anyone.  I'll take the Oriental.  I will buy the
expensive one.  I will
not come to your place.  You guys talk about air ambulance
?  You talk about air ambulance.
Hey, leave the air ambulance, sir.  The tube
was inserted, blood came out from many places, my
entire clothes are still covered in blood, in the
hospital,
everything about my body had stopped, what should
I tell you, go and
see the medical report in detail, you will know in what
circumstances I went, check the CCTV,
go and see what all happened in the hospital, where was the
bag inserted, how many times, what happened to me, just
see what all I have endured in the ICU,
patients are dying there, they are
pumping my arm,
still I am lying down, not hurt.  Then I
saw what all I saw
there in the hospital in the morning.   They will provide a
room, a special room.  Hey
sir, you guys didn't give me anything.  You are making
a customer cry even today, friend.  5-P I am
calling you 10 times a day,
friend.  I got it, friend.  Please spend the money
sir.  You can do it in 2 minutes.  You
need to hold for 1 minute, right?  I'm giving you 3 minutes on
hold.  I'm giving you 3 minutes on
hold.  You do whatever you have to do.
I will also present my evidence
against that man.  You are not doing anything
against that man.  You are not doing anything.  And you
give me my money and finish it.  Keep
such people in your company.
What will you do now?  Do.  Speak up, speak up now.
I am absolutely looking forward to helping you with these.
Dheeraj Kumar ji, please give
me just one more minute, put your call on hold for just one
minute.
You keep it on hold for five minutes.  I am right here.
Okay, you keep it.   Yes yes yes
thank you.
Now friends, you talked with us about
this in 23 minutes.
Actually, I spent 23 minutes like this.   I
swear I will show you everything, don't do
everything, friend, don't do it, friend,
don't take ICICI LB,
I am putting it, I am uploading it,
don't take ICI LBA, friend, don't take ICICI LBA, friend, don't take it,
this is a very dirty company, very dirty people
here, please don't take it,
I
am ready to take them to court, friend, when I get time,
I will go right now, I will pay my office bill for one day,
I will not leave it to them,
now if you have any problem with us,
tell me, friend, tell me, they
can activate the claim in a minute, it will be activated in a minute,
then settle it comfortably, you
take it for five days, 10 days,
pay the money after 15 days, oh
I am not saying pay the money right now,
download it,
I am not saying pay the money right now, friend,
add a partner,
I will also provide that evidence to you,
you will see,
I will not hide anything and until I
show you all this that my policy details are
not there, then you  People will say that I will say anything, it is a
fake call and add it, see this is my card,
see the problem, their condition is bad in giving 30 lakh 500, they will
give you 30 lakh, they
can make you theirs,
80 lakh, I don't know what they have written,
download the registered currency, see
everything, see my policy number, it does
n't matter, even if I am not given a
complaint, what will happen if they take me
to jail and kill me, what will happen even if I die,
just
tell your customer that you want to withdraw the claim, what will I reject, what will I reject,
you tell me, will I reject it, I am going to reject it, will
I not reject it, I
paid the premium so that I don't reject it, this is my
condition since morning,
I don't live like this, but these people's
condition has become such, who knows I will have a heart attack,
then these people will not give me the money, they will
say unclaimed, it is good that I died, partner, these
are those people, do not take
ICICI Bank in your store, do not take it, do
not take ICICI Bank, just
look after yourself, these people have made me wait for 25-25 minutes,
These people make you wait for minutes, will you beg for the
claim, are you people beggars, no, don't take it,
someone will
say no, why not take it, take Dheeraj's name,
other people will say sir, this happens with one or two
customers, it doesn't happen, it does
n't happen, the customer is clear, the customer
was admitted, what all happened to the customer?
What should I tell you now?
What can I tell you, I got
hit in my testicles.  I didn't want to speak right now.
Look, I will talk to customer care again.
Listen,
thank you for staying on the line.
Yes sir, please tell me.
Yes, here Dheeraj Kumar ji, I have checked all your
details on me.  I have
also discussed this with our other associates and executives.  Here I
want to tell you that first of all I want to clarify this thing to you
Dheeraj Kumar ji
that if you feel that our team is
not doing anything regarding this case
and is not highlighting this thing at all
or is not taking it on priority.  So let
me tell you that your case is going on
since you
created a service request here with us.  Our
team is working on this detail.  I can see it.
Now you have a
15 minute conversation with our other executive on 82,
his name is Abhishek.
Yes
no Raghav Khandelwal ji
no no no no did you talk to Raghav
?  Okay, okay,
right now, yes, okay.  Ok.  Yes Raghav yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
I have consulted him also
in this case, I just want to tell you that this is
not the case.
Your case is being completely ignored at Neeraj Kumar ji's place.
This case is still under process.
Our team has all the details and
all your records registered with us.
All your details, whatever you have said,
every statement of yours is registered here.
According to that, your request is under
process.  I would just request you to
wait till 12:00 in the morning or before the proceedings and
I will wait and listen, let me tell you one thing.
Now you all also listen.  I am
telling them.  If your team was doing so much, then take
action against that man, you must have
asked for one day's time to activate the claim,
listen, listen,
what did you tell me,
you can do anything with that man in one day, I have nothing to do with him, I am
not on his lookout, it was
simple, oh sir, okay, you did not do it,
okay, so what is your policy, what is the
claim number, okay sir, we process it
in 24 hours and it was said that
your policy will be activated in 24 hours,
now what happened, now listen, what happened was like this.
My policy was to be activated on the 2nd.   It is
8:54 pm today on the 3rd.  And
today I get this email at 6:00.  We are
telling you that your policy stands
invalid what was that your claim 1 minute
yes one minute yes what was that?  One minute yes we
regard to inform you that mentioned claim
got rejected status stands valid.
What does this mean, sir?  What does this
mean?  What does it mean in English
?  On the 3rd, you are telling me that we regard you, look, look, the
public, you people should
see, we regard you to inform you that the
mentioned claim got rejected stands
valid, meaning whatever he said was
rejected, you people are holding it valid,
yes, and you are saying that your team is working,
what work is your team doing, tell me,
look at me, Akshay ji or whatever your name
is, I apologize to you, I am
not talking to you like this, you are calling me a customer,
you are doing a job, sir, but you
tell me, what work is your team doing, the whole
world will see it, they will see it, you tell me,
what work is your team doing, tell me, it is
working to reject these rejected,
a man who is abusing
your company, whose name is
Rahul Modak, who I have given you his mobile number, on
whose service request
your man is doing all this, and what are you doing to me, what are
you doing, what are you doing, you are just
talking sweetly.  Thinking that you will
talk to me and give me the slip, why did you
give it as invalid, if your team was working then you would have received a mail
or we are happy to inform you that your
claim has got up valid and now we will
process it in the next 10 days 15 days 20
days 25 days it's ok no problem give it
after one month friend give it in one and a half month friend no
problem give it after one month
friend don't lie friend friend I have left my
job friend the work
shift is from 4:00 am to 12:00 am
leaving everything I have not even bathed since morning this drama of yours goes on since morning
what is
your team doing tell me put your hand on your heart forget it go for
2 minutes you are ICICI man.   Tell me, has
your team really done anything
?  Hey, some of the government people
who spoil the name of SBI are better than you, they are
fine now.  At least let's listen.  You are
just lying.  You are just lying, friend.  Do
n't do this sir.  Tell the truth.
Tell me the truth that yes our team did
not do anything.  Time pass is on.  Yes.
If your team does not send me a return mail,
sir.  I don't get so flustered.
I don't panic.  If I had not received any return mail,
I would have taken you guys lightly.
But I have received your mail in return, so should
I sit and keep looking at it, should I write and
write, should I send you an email, that is why I had taken the policy, do not
take it, they will not give you their policy, I do
not want any of your policies, you
give me the full 70, 73,000, plus you give me my 50,
6,000, whatever is my 55,000 claim, I am
not asking for anything because if this thing gets
spread, then you also come forward, I will
also come forward, it should be done in front, that means it should be done
in the court, clearly your lawyers might be
educated but I will speak the truth.   Who
knows, I may even lose but I will remain
true to this.  You will be a lie.  I will write this down for you.
I will remove CCTV from the entire hospital.  I will
show you all what happened to me, when and how.
You will see that after seeing that pain
you will probably feel how it felt.  Hey Baba, please give me the money
brother.  Please give me the money brother.  I am begging, please
give it to me.  No, ICICI, please give me the money.
Neither give me the lobard nor the money, friend.  What are you
doing?   There will be
no need, sir.  I, Dheeraj Kumar ji, am
giving you the same assurance that
you should
write here and send two mails.  Okay, my mail
ID is jasawalkumar@gmail.com
You write this down from your email ID,
your policy will not become valid on the say of that person,
even if it becomes invalid due to some other reason,
we will accept it, you write it down, you
write it down, send the mail right now, I am
sitting, open my mail, here I have opened the mail, send it, send it, send it, send it, send it, send it, mail, ok, send it,
mail, Jaiswal
Dheeraj Kumar@ send it, send it, Dheeraj ji, Dheeraj ji,
I am explaining the same to you,
Dheeraj ji, if you want, I can
tell you your every moment's interaction from time to time, what time of the
day, who has
written what, so please
answer me, please answer me, don't
tell me every moment, just tell me about one moment, that is that moment,
I will tell you, 5:43
5:43 PM, what happened in this moment that
you people sent me an email on the 3rd, we
register to inform you that the mentioned claim got
rejected stands valid, what happened in this moment, please
tell me, ICICI
Lombard, you tell me, do
n't tell me every moment's news in this moment  Give it to me, I will
listen to whatever you tell me,
what happened in this moment, I am showing you the video, the
entire public will see this 5:40, tell me, give me the
answer of this moment, give me the answer,
give me the news of this moment, you were
giving me news of every moment, now give me the news of this moment and
see this, it is written on the claim that customer wants to
withdraw his claim, if the claim is rejected, then
tell me, say no, I am
giving you a chance, tell me
what is the matter of this moment, tell me sir,
I am telling you the same thing that both
your service request
and your claim, both of these are from different
departments, your request is being handled in a different
secretariat,
sir, so what is your claim department doing,
your department only takes requests,
I know sir, what did your department do, why did
your department
not mail, why did your department
not initiate the claim, why did
your department not initiate it,
tell me, it is
not telling your department  Yes, this is the
same thing, not to me, tell him and
ask him, it used to happen
in the government hospital, go and ask him, go and
ask him, go and ask him, go and ask him and in the end the
patient died, while doing this I will get a
heart attack, what if something happens to my throat, will you give me
money for that, will you give me
extra money, will you give me two to
three lakhs for the plane,
Dheeraj ji, please listen to me, listen to me,
I request you, I am not
saying anything to you, I am neither
lying to you nor
contradicting any of your words, I am
just telling you that you just wait till morning,
I will wait and I will upload this video at night,
I will wait till morning and
secondly, listen to what you
said, I understand you, I am saying it back,
if you had understood me then this mail would not have come today,
I would have come to your point, you are
not sending the mail, why are you
not sending the mail?  Please write it down.  You should write in the mail
that you should wait till 12:00 in the morning.
I will get it done for you.  Write it down for me.
Can you give it in writing?
You guys keep saying anything on the phone.  Can you guys write it down
?
Here we have all this in return that
your to be resolved time is till morning.
From four
if you have in return then why did I get this
rejection stands valid today?
Why did Stands Valid come?  Why was
my claim rejected?  Why?
Why?
What was it?  So you guys rejected my wife twice.
I said that is valid.
I said no friend, it is invalid.
Why now?
Why are you doing this?
Dheeraj ji, all your questions will
definitely be answered.  Just here I will
say the same thing for your health also.  You just
rest tonight.  You wait till morning.
I do weights in the morning.  You
tell me this much.  You tell me this much.  Answer one question.
I'll keep it.  Let me
answer one last question.  Why did I get this email
?  We regret to inform you that the mentioned
claim got rejected stands valid.  please respond.
You should have waited till morning then.  Should have mailed in the morning.
Why did you mail now?   Yes.  If
you want, I can get this detail
clarified from our doctors team at my end.  A. For that,
please give me just 1 minute.  I will take
your call for one to two minutes.
Yes, do it, ask the doctor, ask now.
Ask why the mail is gone?  Ask me.   Yes of course.
You can now make
any of your family
members or your care partner for hassle-free policy management with us.   A
little video is on.  Stop.
Download a care app and
I will upload my videos.  Track the status.
Download a policy or add a care partner easily.
It is available on your App Store or Play Store.
Now you can also get 24*7 support on WhatsApp.
Just
add our WhatsApp number 783828266 to your contacts
and start chatting.  Now you can
talk to us in 37-40 minutes to get rid of the problem and
tell us when will I do any office work of the family.  You can make him your care partner.
I am there was no time to talk
and register your claim.  Track status
or easily add a care partner
on your App Store or Play Store
Hey, I mailed you in the evening, these people say
that your claim has been rejected.
Stands valid.  Talk to the doctor right now.
Upload the full story immediately.  Direct upload no edits.
Now you can bring your family member or friend with us for hassle free
policy management.
Download Apna Lake Aao and register your claim.
Kitna call karte
nahi aata na main call nahi karte tha yaar
available on store or play store. I will
put up a full support. Just
add our WhatsApp number to your contacts
with 38
and start chatting.  Now you can have
hassle free policy management with us
brother, I feel this is a big gang of
people, they have support from the top till the central government, that is why they do this, if there was a
law, all of them would be
in jail by now,
download the policy,
I feel this is a big gang of people,
brother, don't take ICICI LBA, don't take
ICICI LBA,
never take it, you guys call me,
my ID on Instagram is Dheeraj Kumar 713, to
stay on time,
yes yes sir,
I have transferred your claim number and
details to our doctors team,
they are checking the details, you just
stay online for two minutes,
I am online sir, I will be online for 10 minutes, I will stay for as long as you
tell me, don't
worry, ask your doctor to
tell me why it has been
rejected, whether the
doctor has rejected it or who has
rejected it, yes sir, in
this case, I will give you all the details right now.  Can
I just put your call on question hold for a minute or two
?
How many holds?  Put it on yes.  You
put it freely.  I am just making the public aware
and not doing anything else.  You
put it freely.  You put it.
Yes yes, put it in.
I will get clarification on this from the doctors' team and
provide it to you.   Do it, do it.
Put it on hold.  Let us go.  Yes.   Yes.   Let us go.
Ok.
Now you are with us.   Right now he is just
telling this to the doctor and the team.
And the doctor's team is working on it right now.
Or say friend.
Your care partner.  This doctor's team
will now tell that the doctor rejected it.  Now what
he was saying was that let's settle everything by 12:00.
Make a status.
I will upload the video.
These people will not give the money, right?
Whenever I go, I will upload a video every day after waking up in the
morning.  After closing one ID, I will add another one
and I will add mine daily.  I will do the same thing when I wake up in the morning.   You
can take it.   It would be
better to talk to these people on call for four hours every day.  You just upload videos for them for an hour every day.
Brother, I will not talk about police inquiry.
If I had not lived Mitthu.  Brother,
what would I have said to the police?  What did the policeman
say?  Sir, we cannot interfere in this matter.  I'll see.
Its recording is happening regularly, right?  It is happening.  Do you
know what the police say
?  We cannot do this, sir.
You will have to go to court.  In the consumer court.
I was scared in my heart.  He asked
how much time will it take in the consumer court?  I will go Mitthu.
Whatever my per day money is,
understand it, whatever it is, understand it is 18000, so
brother,
ICICI should pay me the full amount as per that till my case is going on,
I will not go away causing any loss to me
and if I suffer any loss, then tell me what is 73000,
I did not give ₹7000 to this person, I have given ₹73000 to a
friend, you can make a friend your care partner,
look, look,
this claim will take a policy from ICI in bulk,
what kind of disease will you have,
download the status for 41 minutes or
such disease, you people should not take
ICIC, I am
telling you, I will go to the station and
say,
add our WhatsApp number to your contacts, this is the
time of social media, the
actions of these people should not come to light
and you have to chat,
otherwise these things remain hidden,
you can work with us, hassle-free policy
management,
hassle-free policy, so what will you
say, we will provide air ambulance,
air ambulance
airplane will come to take them, they think at the
time of taking the policy, oh, if the claim of ₹ is
also passed, then tell them, they will come and
provide me an ambulance
easily,
doctor  If he says anything, I will tell him straight away.
Whatever he approved, come to JK Hospital, come
with me. He
said, ask them right now and you solve it. Don't even tell me.
Add the number 7738.
I'm thinking, let me see who will be in the return.
They have no authority. It's a
private house. They have bank
management. I do
n't know when the settlement will come. When will we get the money? What does my
friend
know? It's a small thing. The
money comes by evening. If you do it in a good company, then
register. Track the status.
Download the policy. Or easily add a partner. I
found out when it was time to do it. Sir, if
something happens to you, the air ambulance will come. We will take
you from home. We will give you
all your money on time. Now look, look,
who is saying what in my house?
My brother is sitting here. You won't show it, right?
Now you have my brother sitting here.
My mother is sitting here.
Everyone is asking where is the money. There are
many other people sitting inside. What should I tell
you?
Download it and register yourself.
Now this doctor will tell you
why it was rejected. The doctor will get trapped. If he
tells you, the
doctor cannot tell you. And then the hospital
people.  If you want to know, he is 24,
right?  Secondly, it happened with the doctor
and that man committed fraud, they are
not even talking in front of you.  I will
not send you its video.  I promise
I will put the video of that man in front of you.
I called him and
told him so many things, I will put it all.  His turn has also
come, right?  I want a police
complaint against me.  I want the police to take me away
from home.  And I keep talking while getting beaten by everyone's police.  The
police should take me around the entire area.  I want everyone to know what happened to the
boy.  I will also
post the video.  I will play it here below.
Policy.  I am going to get that too.
Easily
available at Projector Bhai Log Dekho Store in Kalyan East.  Whenever I
take the mic in my hand, I will say this live,
do not take the policy of ICIB,
I am talking to this man for 43
minutes, my
friends, he does not have any points to reject it,
still he is rejecting it,
look, you have come, listen now,
thank you for talking, yes, yes, please
tell me, yes, yes,
our doctors team
is checking this thing here and here they are
sitting with your case, so if you
want, I can get the claim number confirmed, it is
just taking some time here.
They are also checking the details of this thing in the destination
so that they can give you accurate
information.
You tell me it's 9:10 right now, please
put me on hold until 10:00.  There
is no problem.  I am ready by 10:00.
Because I should not close this chapter today.
If you get my claim passed, I will
give you all the money right away.
72,000 plus 50,000, whatever it is, I will
delete this video right here today and finish it.
And if you don't give it to me, sir, then
I will tell this very thing, this very video, this very thing
to the whole world, you should complain to the police.  A
defamation case has been filed.
File the case to your heart's content.  I will also go inside after having my fill.   We will
see what happens.  Whatever happens today will be resolved here only.
Ok?  You can take it freely.
You're getting 9:10.  I
give you time till 10:00.
You keep the call going.  I have a 30 minute video.
And as for the first one, I have the chat of
Rahul Modak ji of your ICICI bank,
I have his video,
whatever your man has said, now you
cannot even say that your man does not
look into it, you keep me on hold, I am waiting,
tell your doctor to
examine it properly, otherwise
I will call the hospital and take the name of your doctor, I will
call him and get the CCTV footage checked here,
I will show you everything that has happened, it is okay for you all, then you can decide and it is
okay to go to the hospital.  You keep me on hold and I will
tell you once again, Sir, whatever I am doing,
I am not doing it against you.  You are a
person, I also work somewhere like you.   We do
jobs.  I am doing this against your ICI
Lombard.  Ok.
I apologize if you
feel bad about anything.  I am not saying anything to you.
No problem.
Ok.  I am not talking to you.  Yes.   I am
saying this.  I respect you.
But not your Lobard.  You keep
me on old pay sir.  Keep it.   Yes,
absolutely, thank you.
Yes.
Now you are with us
now my friends it has been 45 minutes.   I
swear to God, my
whole day is spent in this.  Tell me friend,
take ICICI, do not take LBAR, do not take it,
watch the entire video,
if you want to take ICICI policy, do not take the
entire video of LBA, they say no false claim,
see the company has no way of working,
if that way is not there
then the company is wrong, if it is in the protocol
that I should not get it then I should
not get it, any member but you can
make your own.   She is
playing, friend.  Download and
register your claim.
I'm about to upload this video.  If
I get to 10 or 11:00 I'll be on hold.
I will definitely get my ₹1.5 lakhs
and these people will not give it to me.
These people will not give.  Will not give.  They will
not give ₹1.5 lakh.
These people will have to pay ₹5 lakh if ​​I file a case.
I say, you see the government police
officers, right?  I say, come to
Bharwadi, friend.  I live in Kalyan, come and pick me up and take me away from
here, beat me,
take me away, only then will I tell these people what the
truth is because right now the police does
not take my complaint, then the police will have to take
my complaint and then I will
explain,
download the Take Care app and register your claim,
I am uploading the video,
what am I
uploading,
I cannot show anything from my office right now
but it is available
because it will be visible to me, for whom do I
work, I mean I
work for a private organization, it is not like that,
I am not from any big government organization
brother.
Look, do you know how much time has passed?
47 minutes of trouble, it's been 47 minutes.
Tell me yours,
everyone is sitting in my house.  Look,
my brother is sitting.  There are people in my house.
My mother is sitting.  Everyone in my house is sitting.
When will the claim come?
Yes, I don't have money to buy ration.  Download in my house.
What should I say?
When will the claim come easily?
Why did you pay 72000 rupees in your app store, you should
n't have paid it, you all are shouting, you
can even take me home, just
add our WhatsApp number to your contacts,
leave it like this,
I will upload it, who will sit and edit, he will upload it, it's
raw footage, the public, the
police will also take equal action, they have a
problem with us,
think about it, the doctor is investigating my case,
any member of my family,
hey, I tell these people, if it's my
call, put it on speaker, let the whole office
hear it, people will hear it, my people will fight, they will
register, people do this,
I didn't know this much, friend, just talk like this, do
n't stand around like this, do you have to
record the video,
aunty, right now I
put it
on WhatsApp saying it's my social media,
these people will lie to me, I said the
public will decide,
delete it from one ID and put another ID, I
have a mobile, add the device, they will
say a lot that it will cause great harm, then I wo
n't believe it, I will put it back, and
I am showing it, I will show it, I will
return it to you people, my policy,
hassle free policy,
look,
this is my policy, it will
return it to a member or friend  Am.   You
can make a partner.   I am
asking my friend to become my partner.
Meaning, apply chuna to your friend also.
And track your
Ye Dekho
status.
Look at this, I laugh 30 lakh times.
Air Ambulance Look out the air ambulance is coming.
Watch
or Play Watch By evening I was talking about ending my life.
Today I feel like
laughing a little at my life.  It was finished for these people.
Look at ours, everything is assured, 84 lakhs.  Oh wow wow
and
2031 I don't know what it is for hassle free
policy management
look brother come on Instagram to Dheeraj Kumar
713 I will show you such documents
which you have never seen
and register your claim track status
currency
or it got
heated up easily look at mine look at the
policy brother file a
complaint against me 247
support it is
better than dying with
yourself look at it look
carefully my
friends look
carefully
customer wants to withdraw his claim look at it look what
scam did they do I know
one of their men came to my house
he called me outside the house and said I will give you the
documents but you should
take out a Reliance policy from me
you Reliance is good I feel that
the man was telling the truth Rahul
Modak and what did that man say I don't
know they
rejected my claim he
says the customer does not want the money and
without any approval the
bank rejected my
claim and now they say if you want to
activate the claim then you
These people are telling me that I will have to give it in writing
and I have
left my office work and am working
from home, leaving everything I am
sitting here, look, he has come, he has come, look, the doctor
sahib's report has come here, yes, say it sir,
say it, say it.
Yes yes yes, I have got the details checked here.  The
main reason for your rejection is
withdrawal.
Rest of it, we are checking whether the
thing for which you had claimed does
not fall under exclusion and
for all those details, the respected team,
yes, means means means, comes to a conclusion.  This
means that the doctor
's approval has not yet come.  Documents were
not reviewed.  So the day when the doctor comes, listen, listen to me,
when the paper goes to the doctor, the
doctor has
not reviewed it yet, he is still doing it,
he is in the process, he is checking it and listen, listen, it is
not there, then
how is it, this
team of doctors is our personal
ICICI LBA team so that we can resolve this type of
case directly on call.   According to that,
he has
told that the recruitment team which
sits now is available till 6:00 pm.
Tell them that the case is fine, tell them sorry, tell me,
tell me, yes,
this case has been highlighted for them also.
So in this entire case, Dheeraj ji, I would
just request you to
wait till 12:00 in the morning.
Okay, I do it.  Let me tell you one thing.
Listen.  Listen to me.  Ok.
You guys also listen.  Ok.  Look, look
sir, I am telling you this.  Basically
ICICI Bank took the documents.  After listening to a man
who is an employee of your bank,
my claim was rejected.  Ok?
Now you come to the second point.   The
doctors had not approved it yet.
You people have rejected my claim without approving it.
And this is written again this evening,
yes on the 3rd you have written and
sent this that your see, there is one thing that it got
rejected.  And one is The Rejection
Done.  Stands right means I will
show you the exact mail once again
so that my people do not face any problem in
knowing this and yes what is written in it we regret
to inform you that mention claim God
rejected stands valid means it is
not invalid stands means that his
belief is still invalid okay it means
you people have rejected it you
could have said this earlier also no problem now listen to
me carefully what did you say
oh yes you are saying this here yes so I am
saying this much sir how is my mind yes so no what did
you say just now the doctor has
not done the investigation yet.  You should
tell your doctor to
investigate, no, that is what I was confirming to you, sorry, I was
correcting you, that the
team of doctors who
sits here for our assistance, they do
not look into your claim directly.  There is a
team of other doctors.  He was just
reading your case.  In that he
told that the rejection reason mentioned there was
withdrawal.  Rest it does
not mean very good, okay, okay, what I mean to
say to you is that
whatever you are doing, I mean whatever you are talking about,
claim rejection or whatever you are talking about,
okay, so whatever status was there till now, the
actual verification has not started yet
and the
reason it is showing
invalid is because that
person had said that brother, the
customer does
not want the money for your document.  Because of this it is
showing invalid.  Is equal.  That's why it is
showing invalid.  Isn't it equal?   No, it is
not like that.  I am
fully aware of that withdrawal. Here, Dheeraj Ji,
I completely agree with you
that why would you cancel or withdraw the
claim?  I completely agree with you.
Just here you are feeling that no
such complaint will be raised against Rahul Mudat ji
or
keeping all these things in mind,
your request will be taken forward.
Sir, please listen, listen Rahul,
what will you and I do at home,
how can you call him to the hotel,
take your ICICI, LBA, feed him Modak,
feed him food, I have no problem.
I have nothing to do with him.  I need only two things from you people.
Give me the Rs 73,000 that I had paid and the Rs 50,000 claim,
pay it quietly.  End.  Why?  Listen if
what should you have done?  Do you
know what I would like to say by mailing
you?  Stands Valid Your Rejection
Stands Valid means your complaint or claim has been
rejected.  You said
stands, meaning you are recognizing
that the stands are valid.  Now
you don't know why I am giving it, right?  You do
n't know.  But your ICICI Lombard has just started saying that it
stands valid.  Ok?  Now the
doctor should do his work.  Ok
?  Now I do my work.  I will
not be able to sleep at night again.  Look, it is
better to
talk on the phone than to commit suicide.  Isn't it?  Which
I was going to do in the evening on Priyanka madam's call
, right?  So I probably won't do that.
As far as I am concerned, I have
even told him on call that if I die.  I have informed my family members.  If
I don't get the full
amount then I am going to do the same.  Whatever you
see,
I request you Dheeraj ji.
I can understand your situation.  I can understand only as much as
I can hear.
I would be absolutely imagining it.  Yes,
I will just request you not to take
any wrong step, no, I will not take any, I have a
reason to live, I have a
reason to live, I will spend a little with you people,
I will take my money, after that I will
think what to do, now I have a
reason, I did not have it before, you talked for 56 minutes,
see how long each call of mine lasts,
sir, it takes
you people at least 5 to 8
minutes or 10 minutes to collect a normal call, sir, that is
my praise and I am telling you the accurate figure,
sir, I am telling you the accurate figure, sir, what is it right now,
sir, listen to me, you are
uploading this video right now, yes,
you can write the name of my channel or let me
find it, I will write it directly, then I will
not be able to reach you in the first place
and Lombard, if you file a defamation case against me,
tell Lombard to send the police, you will definitely have the address at home,
I will give you the address,
send it to Kalyan, you must have kept some goons in Borwadi,
send them too, beat them
also  Because I have informed everyone at home, I have
informed all my friends, if something happens then
ICICI is responsible, so first do that work, what do you
know about the second thing, right now
you should take care of your man Rahul Modak,
whose name I have heard at least 50 times,
okay you take care of him and as far as I have
my own channel of 5 lakhs,
I work for 2 million of my people, we
also have that for blogging, okay then
I will upload it right now, whatever you have to do,
you do it at your level, whatever you have to do,
and if you keep the
call on right now and give me ₹1.5 lakh within an hour, then it is
good, otherwise
you know your clay, sir, what is the biggest crime, do you
know what Priyanka madam said, sir, the
call will come in two hours,
you say sir, that team leaves at 6:00,
then why did Priyanka madam say like this?   Yes, yes, there are
different teams, which I am
telling you is the reimbursement claim team,
sir, no one has called, friend,
from 6:00, what time is it now, 9:23,
no one has called, no one has called, sir,
if you guys call, Dheeraj,
as you are saying, Dheeraj sir, I
agree with what you are saying, see, this is what I am saying,
you wait till morning because sir, whatever it is,
we made a mistake, the mail that
you received actually has no facts
because it is still saying that the
reason for it is showing that the customer rejected it,
which is not valid, sir.  That has already happened,
sir.  Yes, if the doctor rejects it then
I will accept it
and then my fight will be between the doctor and the hospital.
Then I will tell ICICI to go and
fight them.  I will
go to the police and I will expose everyone.  And the
police do not take up all these cases.  I have gone and come back.
I have made Priyanka madam talk to the police.  Ask and see.
I will upload that recording also.
Look sir, I will give you time till morning.
You can send me an email so that I can keep some
peace,
you
can also send an email to your doctor or whoever it may be,
just send this much email
Hello Mr. Dheeraj Kumar Ramesh Chandra Jaiswal, we have heard
your concern of getting defrauded
by one of the person who claims to be an
ICICI employee, his name is Rahul Modak
and his number is so and so and we are
taking this very seriously and the email which you have got
today stating that the claim which you have done stands valid and holds untrue
and we will investigate it further
and we assure you on priority that we are
going to give your claim if it is
eligible on high priority basis and I will
reply to him, there is no need to
prioritize me, I am not about above all
your customers, I am a like your customer, I am
your customer, make my payment in next
15 minutes 15 days, good ok  And but the
experience that I have had is so bad, sir, please give me my 73
23000, please give me my 5000, finish the story, take the
second customer, okay, I will wait
till morning, I am uploading this video to the public
for 59 minutes, almost 1 hour has passed, nothing has come out of the
conclusion, I did not want that all this
beginning of my life would happen like this
with these people, I am
restarting and I am doing it this way, I did
not think that I will do it by
12:00 tomorrow morning, so right now at
12:00, if this hold is true, then
I will remove everything at 12:00 and
if it is not held, then I will remove it.
If I feel like it, I will
speak back.  My fight with them is
not because they did not give me the claim money.
Now the claim money is not a question
for me.  Now the question arises
whether air ambulance is sent for claim.
Sir, please forgive me sir.  Yes.  Look sir, it's been
an hour for you too.  You
promise an air ambulance.  You do
n't even understand what is valid and invalid for ₹00.
Customer's letter is not required at the time of rejecting the claim.  Isn't it
?  A man will go and say
that reject your claim, reject it
and to activate or reactivate the claim, he will
write to the customer, first he will say write
to the doctor, then not to the doctor,
sir, if you also write it, it will be fine, okay,
first he will say write to the doctor, then
you write to me,
you people are wasting time, leave ICICI, sir, what happens
to the customer, leave any company like ICICI LB,
you must be a very good person, I am sure,
work in some good, reputed place, sir,
work in any good, good company,
sir, leave this, sir, this company is
not good, these are fraud people, that man
spoke clearly, he only caused me loss,
I listened to him quietly, okay, I will
keep it, I will call you tomorrow at 12:00,
yes,
you will receive the call before 12, don't
worry, Dheeraj ji,
I am going to do the entire night shift, sir, in the
morning, normally I switch off my phone and sleep,
but for you people, I have informed the entire family,
see, my brother
is sitting, my mother is sitting there, my aunt
is sitting there  I have told everyone that tomorrow my call will come,
I will not pick it up, anyone else will pick it up.  No
call will be missed.  Ok?  Do
n't miss any calls.  Pick it up because these people have
fooled themselves.  And even if they miss it, it is
their responsibility to
give the money to themselves.  I just told the whole family.
You don't see the video here.
Everyone else is watching here.  Ok sir.  I'll hang up the
phone again.  Ok sir.   Yes,
absolutely Dheeraj ji.
Yes, can I know your name, sir?
Hi, my name is Kartik.
Kartik ji, I apologize to you on a personal level.  I have no
problem with you.   There is
no need, Dheeraj ji.  I can understand what
you are saying.   No
problem Kartik ji, just take care of yourself and
leave this company sir, this is a dirty
company, sir, I am telling you to leave it,
find a reputed bank, prepare your
resume, learn some AIVI, move ahead
in life, what are these
dirty people, these people from ICICI, this is a
gang of people, sir, I am doubting, that
man Rahul Modak is also in their gang,
they have a big group, they trap the
customers, like how was Ajmal's sir,
he came and killed people, he came once and
killed people, these people are
killing every day, sir.  So tell me, from
whom do we face the greatest danger?  So these are all wrong people
sir.  You seem like a good person, after leaving this company.
You have a lot of patience.  You
do something else, sir.  Leave this.  Yes.  Let's go sir.   Yes, I
keep it.  Yes, let's go bye.   Let us go